pages*: refine wording (#12132)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gnomon.md

`{{npm test}} | gnomon --type=absolute`

> - Use a 0.5 second high threshold for the elapsed time; exceeding which the timestamp will be colored bright red:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a high threshold of 0.5 seconds for the elapsed time, exceeding which the timestamp will be colored bright red:
```

`{{npm test}} | gnomon --high 0.5`

> - Use a medium 0.2 seconds threshold (timestamp will be colored bright yellow):

Reviewer: You changed the meaning of this sentence.

"Use a medium threshold of 0.2 seconds" => Set the ***medium threshold*** to a value of 0.2 seconds
"Use a medium 0.2 seconds threshold" => Set the threshold to a ***medium value*** of 0.2 seconds

```suggestion
- Use a medium threshold of 0.2 seconds for the elapsed time, exceeding which the timestamp will be colored bright yellow:
```
